Added function to generate user config file and tests (#3722)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/3722.feature.rst

> Added function to generate user config file that copies default config file to user config directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `sunpy.util.config.write_config` that copies the default config file to the user's config directory.
```

> Added `sunpy.util.config.write_config` that copies the default config file to the user's config directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added `sunpy.util.config.copy_default_config` that copies the default config file to the user's config directory.
```
